azurerm-conditional-access/README.md, before:

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!--
  ***** CAUTION: DO NOT EDIT ABOVE THIS LINE ******
-->

![Github Actions](../../actions/workflows/terraform.yml/badge.svg)

# azurerm-conditional-access

## Description

This module creates Entra ID Conditional Access policies with a consistent, reusable pattern.

## Features

- Flexible configuration for all common conditional access scenarios
- Support for location-based policies
- Risk-based authentication controls
- Application and user action targeting
- Session controls (sign-in frequency)
- Guest user exclusion options

## Usage

```hcl
module "conditional_access_policy" {
  source = "./modules/conditional_access"

  policy_name           = "CA01 - Block Untrusted Locations"
  policy_state          = "enabled"
  client_app_types      = ["all"]
  included_applications = ["All"]
  included_locations    = ["All"]
  excluded_locations    = ["AllTrusted"]
  included_users        = ["All"]
  excluded_groups       = ["break-glass-group-id"]
  built_in_controls     = ["block"]

}
```

```hcl
module "mfa_with_auth_strength" {
  source = "./modules/conditional_access"

  policy_name  = "CA01 - Require Phishing-Resistant MFA"
  policy_state = "enabled"

  authentication_strength_policy_id = "/policies/authenticationStrengthPolicies/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000004"

  included_applications = ["All"]
  included_users        = ["All"]
  excluded_groups       = ["break-glass-group-id"]
}
```

> [!NOTE]
> Built-in authentication strengths are documented [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/authentication/concept-authentication-strengths#built-in-authentication-strengths)

## Example Policies

### Block from Untrusted Locations

```terraform
module "network_block" {
  source = "./modules/conditional_access"

  policy_name        = "CA01 - Block Untrusted Locations"
  included_locations = ["All"]
  excluded_locations = ["AllTrusted"]
  built_in_controls  = ["block"]
}
```

### Require MFA for Risky Sign-ins

```terraform
module "mfa_risky_signins" {
  source = "./modules/conditional_access"

  policy_name               = "CA05 - MFA for Risky Sign-ins"
  sign_in_risk_levels       = ["high", "medium"]
  built_in_controls         = ["mfa"]
  sign_in_frequency_enabled = true
}
```

### Block Legacy Authentication

```terraform
module "block_legacy_auth" {
  source = "./modules/conditional_access"

  policy_name      = "CA02 - Block Legacy Auth"
  client_app_types = ["exchangeActiveSync", "other"]
  built_in_controls = ["block"]
}
```

## Developer Onboarding

1. This repository uses pre-commit. Please install prerequisite tools first:

```zsh
brew install tflint checkov trivy terraform-docs
```

1. Then complete steps 1. and 3. from the [pre-commit quick start](https://pre-commit.com/#quick-start).

If pre-commit detects issues when you attempt to commit changes, a dialogue box similar to the one below will appear. Click 'Show Command Output' to see details:

![pre-commit](./docs/pre-commit.png)

> [!TIP]
> terraform-docs can be executed manually for troubleshooting etc. using the following command:

```zsh
terraform-docs markdown table --indent 2 --output-mode inject --output-file README.md <module name>
```

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.11.0 |
| <a name="requirement_azuread"></a> [azuread](#requirement\_azuread) | ~> 3.7 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_azuread"></a> [azuread](#provider\_azuread) | 3.7.0 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azuread_conditional_access_policy.policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azuread/latest/docs/resources/conditional_access_policy) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_authentication_strength_policy_id"></a> [authentication\_strength\_policy\_id](#input\_authentication\_strength\_policy\_id) | ID of the authentication strength policy to require. Must be a full resource path i.e. /policies/authenticationStrengthPolicies/<UUID>. See https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/authentication/concept-authentication-strengths#built-in-authentication-strengths. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_built_in_controls"></a> [built\_in\_controls](#input\_built\_in\_controls) | List of built-in grant controls (block, mfa, compliantDevice, etc.) | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_client_app_types"></a> [client\_app\_types](#input\_client\_app\_types) | List of client app types to include | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br/>  "all"<br/>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_exclude_guests"></a> [exclude\_guests](#input\_exclude\_guests) | Whether to exclude guests and external users | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_excluded_applications"></a> [excluded\_applications](#input\_excluded\_applications) | List of application IDs to exclude | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_excluded_groups"></a> [excluded\_groups](#input\_excluded\_groups) | List of group IDs to exclude from conditional access policies (break glass accounts) | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_excluded_locations"></a> [excluded\_locations](#input\_excluded\_locations) | List of location names to exclude | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_grant_operator"></a> [grant\_operator](#input\_grant\_operator) | Grant controls operator: OR or AND | `string` | `"OR"` | no |
| <a name="input_included_applications"></a> [included\_applications](#input\_included\_applications) | List of application IDs to include | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br/>  "All"<br/>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_included_locations"></a> [included\_locations](#input\_included\_locations) | List of location names to include | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_included_user_actions"></a> [included\_user\_actions](#input\_included\_user\_actions) | List of user actions to include | `list(string)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_included_users"></a> [included\_users](#input\_included\_users) | List of user IDs or groups to include | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br/>  "All"<br/>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_policy_name"></a> [policy\_name](#input\_policy\_name) | The display name of the conditional access policy | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_policy_state"></a> [policy\_state](#input\_policy\_state) | The state of the policy: enabled, disabled, or enabledForReportingButNotEnforced | `string` | `"enabled"` | no |
| <a name="input_sign_in_frequency"></a> [sign\_in\_frequency](#input\_sign\_in\_frequency) | Number of days or hours to enforce sign-in frequency. Required when sign\_in\_frequency\_interval is 'timeBased'. | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_sign_in_frequency_interval"></a> [sign\_in\_frequency\_interval](#input\_sign\_in\_frequency\_interval) | The interval to apply to sign-in frequency control. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_sign_in_frequency_period"></a> [sign\_in\_frequency\_period](#input\_sign\_in\_frequency\_period) | The time period to enforce sign-in frequency. Required when sign\_in\_frequency\_interval is 'timeBased'. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_sign_in_risk_levels"></a> [sign\_in\_risk\_levels](#input\_sign\_in\_risk\_levels) | List of sign-in risk levels to trigger the policy | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_policy_display_name"></a> [policy\_display\_name](#output\_policy\_display\_name) | The display name of the conditional access policy |
| <a name="output_policy_id"></a> [policy\_id](#output\_policy\_id) | The ID of the conditional access policy |
| <a name="output_policy_object_id"></a> [policy\_object\_id](#output\_policy\_object\_id) | The object ID of the conditional access policy |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

ENG-1049: Add authentication flow transfer method
We are using this in our conditional access policy
it needs to be defined in our reusable module. In order
for our Entra management repository to make use of it

azurerm-conditional-access/README.md, after:

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!--
  ***** CAUTION: DO NOT EDIT ABOVE THIS LINE ******
-->

![Github Actions](../../actions/workflows/terraform.yml/badge.svg)

# azurerm-conditional-access

## Description

This module creates Entra ID Conditional Access policies with a consistent, reusable pattern.

## Features

- Flexible configuration for all common conditional access scenarios
- Support for location-based policies
- Risk-based authentication controls
- Application and user action targeting
- Session controls (sign-in frequency)
- Guest user exclusion options

## Usage

```hcl
module "conditional_access_policy" {
  source = "./modules/conditional_access"

  policy_name           = "CA01 - Block Untrusted Locations"
  policy_state          = "enabled"
  client_app_types      = ["all"]
  included_applications = ["All"]
  included_locations    = ["All"]
  excluded_locations    = ["AllTrusted"]
  included_users        = ["All"]
  excluded_groups       = ["break-glass-group-id"]
  built_in_controls     = ["block"]

}
```

```hcl
module "mfa_with_auth_strength" {
  source = "./modules/conditional_access"

  policy_name  = "CA01 - Require Phishing-Resistant MFA"
  policy_state = "enabled"

  authentication_strength_policy_id = "/policies/authenticationStrengthPolicies/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000004"

  included_applications = ["All"]
  included_users        = ["All"]
  excluded_groups       = ["break-glass-group-id"]
}
```

> [!NOTE]
> Built-in authentication strengths are documented [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/authentication/concept-authentication-strengths#built-in-authentication-strengths)

## Example Policies

### Block from Untrusted Locations

```terraform
module "network_block" {
  source = "./modules/conditional_access"

  policy_name        = "CA01 - Block Untrusted Locations"
  included_locations = ["All"]
  excluded_locations = ["AllTrusted"]
  built_in_controls  = ["block"]
}
```

### Require MFA for Risky Sign-ins

```terraform
module "mfa_risky_signins" {
  source = "./modules/conditional_access"

  policy_name               = "CA05 - MFA for Risky Sign-ins"
  sign_in_risk_levels       = ["high", "medium"]
  built_in_controls         = ["mfa"]
  sign_in_frequency_enabled = true
}
```

### Block Legacy Authentication

```terraform
module "block_legacy_auth" {
  source = "./modules/conditional_access"

  policy_name      = "CA02 - Block Legacy Auth"
  client_app_types = ["exchangeActiveSync", "other"]
  built_in_controls = ["block"]
}
```

## Developer Onboarding

1. This repository uses pre-commit. Please install prerequisite tools first:

```zsh
brew install tflint checkov trivy terraform-docs
```

1. Then complete steps 1. and 3. from the [pre-commit quick start](https://pre-commit.com/#quick-start).

If pre-commit detects issues when you attempt to commit changes, a dialogue box similar to the one below will appear. Click 'Show Command Output' to see details:

![pre-commit](./docs/pre-commit.png)

> [!TIP]
> terraform-docs can be executed manually for troubleshooting etc. using the following command:

```zsh
terraform-docs markdown table --indent 2 --output-mode inject --output-file README.md <module name>
```

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.11.0 |
| <a name="requirement_azuread"></a> [azuread](#requirement\_azuread) | ~> 3.7 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_azuread"></a> [azuread](#provider\_azuread) | 3.7.0 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azuread_conditional_access_policy.policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azuread/latest/docs/resources/conditional_access_policy) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_authentication_flow_transfer_methods"></a> [authentication\_flow\_transfer\_methods](#input\_authentication\_flow\_transfer\_methods) | A list of authentication flow transfer methods included in the policy | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_authentication_strength_policy_id"></a> [authentication\_strength\_policy\_id](#input\_authentication\_strength\_policy\_id) | ID of the authentication strength policy to require. Must be a full resource path i.e. /policies/authenticationStrengthPolicies/<UUID>. See https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/authentication/concept-authentication-strengths#built-in-authentication-strengths. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_built_in_controls"></a> [built\_in\_controls](#input\_built\_in\_controls) | List of built-in grant controls (block, mfa, compliantDevice, etc.) | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_client_app_types"></a> [client\_app\_types](#input\_client\_app\_types) | List of client app types to include | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br/>  "all"<br/>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_exclude_guests"></a> [exclude\_guests](#input\_exclude\_guests) | Whether to exclude guests and external users | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_excluded_applications"></a> [excluded\_applications](#input\_excluded\_applications) | List of application IDs to exclude | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_excluded_groups"></a> [excluded\_groups](#input\_excluded\_groups) | List of group IDs to exclude from conditional access policies (break glass accounts) | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_excluded_locations"></a> [excluded\_locations](#input\_excluded\_locations) | List of location names to exclude | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_grant_operator"></a> [grant\_operator](#input\_grant\_operator) | Grant controls operator: OR or AND | `string` | `"OR"` | no |
| <a name="input_included_applications"></a> [included\_applications](#input\_included\_applications) | List of application IDs to include | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br/>  "All"<br/>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_included_locations"></a> [included\_locations](#input\_included\_locations) | List of location names to include | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_included_user_actions"></a> [included\_user\_actions](#input\_included\_user\_actions) | List of user actions to include | `list(string)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_included_users"></a> [included\_users](#input\_included\_users) | List of user IDs or groups to include | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br/>  "All"<br/>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_policy_name"></a> [policy\_name](#input\_policy\_name) | The display name of the conditional access policy | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_policy_state"></a> [policy\_state](#input\_policy\_state) | The state of the policy: enabled, disabled, or enabledForReportingButNotEnforced | `string` | `"enabled"` | no |
| <a name="input_sign_in_frequency"></a> [sign\_in\_frequency](#input\_sign\_in\_frequency) | Number of days or hours to enforce sign-in frequency. Required when sign\_in\_frequency\_interval is 'timeBased'. | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_sign_in_frequency_interval"></a> [sign\_in\_frequency\_interval](#input\_sign\_in\_frequency\_interval) | The interval to apply to sign-in frequency control. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_sign_in_frequency_period"></a> [sign\_in\_frequency\_period](#input\_sign\_in\_frequency\_period) | The time period to enforce sign-in frequency. Required when sign\_in\_frequency\_interval is 'timeBased'. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_sign_in_risk_levels"></a> [sign\_in\_risk\_levels](#input\_sign\_in\_risk\_levels) | List of sign-in risk levels to trigger the policy | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_policy_display_name"></a> [policy\_display\_name](#output\_policy\_display\_name) | The display name of the conditional access policy |
| <a name="output_policy_id"></a> [policy\_id](#output\_policy\_id) | The ID of the conditional access policy |
| <a name="output_policy_object_id"></a> [policy\_object\_id](#output\_policy\_object\_id) | The object ID of the conditional access policy |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
