README.md, before:

# gds-entra-infrastructure-modules

Repo where we store reusable terraform modules for the gds-entra solution.

## Developer Onboarding

1. This repository uses pre-commit. Please install prerequisite tools first:

```zsh
brew install tflint checkov trivy terraform-docs codespell
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Make sure the Homebrew path is included in the PATH environment variable in your default shell (probably Zsh on MacOS).

2. Then complete steps 1. and 3. from the [pre-commit quick start](https://pre-commit.com/#quick-start).

If pre-commit detects issues when you attempt to commit changes, a dialogue box similar to the one below will appear. Click 'Show Command Output' to see details:

![pre-commit](./docs/pre-commit.png)

> [!IMPORTANT]
> README.md files for each module were created, and are maintained by terraform-docs. A pre-commit hook is configured to run this utility automatically; you can also run it manually as shown below:

```zsh
terraform-docs markdown table --indent 2 --output-mode inject --output-file README.md ./terraform-azurerm-<module name suffix>
```

## Releasing Individual Modules

To release a new version of a specific module, create and push a git tag matching the module's directory name and desired version. For example, to release version 0.0.1 of the `azurerm-conditional-access` module, you would run the commands below from the root of the checked out repository:

```sh
git tag azurerm-conditional-access/v0.0.1 -m 'Initial release'
git push origin azurerm-conditional-access/v0.0.1
```

This will trigger the release workflow for that module only. Each module should be tagged and released independently using this pattern.

## Consuming Modules

1. On the [Releases page](https://github.com/alphagov/gds-engineering-access-terraform-modules/releases), find your desired module/version combination and click on the short commit SHA hash:

![assets](./docs/assets.png)

2. On the commit page, click the copy button to retrieve the full commit SHA hash:

![assets](./docs/sha.png)

3. Reference the module in the source argument of your module block. Add a comment to indicate the release version this commit SHA represents.

```hcl
module "azurerm-conditional-access" {
  source = "github.com/alphagov/gds-engineering-access-terraform-modules//<module name>?ref=<commit sha hash>" # <release version>
  #...
}
```

```hcl
# Example

module "azurerm-conditional-access" {
  source = "github.com/alphagov/gds-engineering-access-terraform-modules//azurerm-conditional-access?ref=303d8966acf114429f8613fa070a1848c2ff3661" # v0.0.1
  #...
}
```

> [!NOTE]
> The double forward slash is required syntax when referencing a module in a repository subdirectory.

Commit message:

Update example to show granular setting of policy_state (#14)
* Update example to show granular setting of policy_state

* Try adding tflint file in module directory

* Add .tflint.hcl for msgraph-entra-domain module

Include configuration for TFLint to enforce coding standards
and ensure pre-commit checks pass for the new module.

README.md, after:

# gds-entra-infrastructure-modules

Repo where we store reusable terraform modules for the gds-entra solution.

## Developer Onboarding

1. This repository uses pre-commit. Please install prerequisite tools first:

```zsh
brew install tflint checkov trivy terraform-docs codespell
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Make sure the Homebrew path is included in the PATH environment variable in your default shell (probably Zsh on MacOS).

2. Then complete steps 1. and 3. from the [pre-commit quick start](https://pre-commit.com/#quick-start).

If pre-commit detects issues when you attempt to commit changes, a dialogue box similar to the one below will appear. Click 'Show Command Output' to see details:

![pre-commit](./docs/pre-commit.png)

> [!IMPORTANT]
> README.md files for each module were created, and are maintained by terraform-docs. A pre-commit hook is configured to run this utility automatically; you can also run it manually as shown below:

```zsh
terraform-docs markdown table --indent 2 --output-mode inject --output-file README.md ./terraform-azurerm-<module name suffix>
```

## Creating New Modules

Please ensure you place an appropriate .tflint.hcl file in your new module subdirectory to ensure pre-commit checks pass (you can copy this from one of the existing modules).

## Releasing Individual Modules

To release a new version of a specific module, create and push a git tag matching the module's directory name and desired version. For example, to release version 0.0.1 of the `azurerm-conditional-access` module, you would run the commands below from the root of the checked out repository:

```sh
git tag azurerm-conditional-access/v0.0.1 -m 'Initial release'
git push origin azurerm-conditional-access/v0.0.1
```

This will trigger the release workflow for that module only. Each module should be tagged and released independently using this pattern.

## Consuming Modules

1. On the [Releases page](https://github.com/alphagov/gds-engineering-access-terraform-modules/releases), find your desired module/version combination and click on the short commit SHA hash:

![assets](./docs/assets.png)

2. On the commit page, click the copy button to retrieve the full commit SHA hash:

![assets](./docs/sha.png)

3. Reference the module in the source argument of your module block. Add a comment to indicate the release version this commit SHA represents.

```hcl
module "azurerm-conditional-access" {
  source = "github.com/alphagov/gds-engineering-access-terraform-modules//<module name>?ref=<commit sha hash>" # <release version>
  #...
}
```

```hcl
# Example

module "azurerm-conditional-access" {
  source = "github.com/alphagov/gds-engineering-access-terraform-modules//azurerm-conditional-access?ref=303d8966acf114429f8613fa070a1848c2ff3661" # v0.0.1
  #...
}
```

> [!NOTE]
> The double forward slash is required syntax when referencing a module in a repository subdirectory.
